CSE 111 Proposal for a Student Chosen Program

    (This is a proposal. All proposals are written with our best
    knowledge at the beginning of a project. As we progress from the
    beginning to the end of a project, we gain more knowledge, and we
    change some of our proposed ideas. This is part of completing any
    project and is fine.  However, we still must write a proposal so
    that our teachers or supervisors know what we intend to do. Please
    answer each of the following questions to the best of your
    knowledge.)

1. What is the title of your program?

Journal Program

2. What real-world problem will your program address or help to solve?

Many people struggle to keep a journal.  Many start and stop, some don't even start, and very few can keep a journal.
This problem may happen for some reasons, like the following:
-Lack of time
-Discouragement at the thought of having to write down everything that happened during the day
-Sometimes for not even knowing what to write
My program when executed will display a menu with options for writing in the journal (answering a random prompt),
displaying a past journal entry, save and load to a txt file, and quit.
They will be able to write in a journal just shortly answering random generated prompts and saving that in their files

3. What will you learn from developing this program?

I will learn, remember, apply and use everything I have learned in this course by creating a program that even I will use to solve 
a personal 'problem' that I believe many of us face. I will learn and 'feel' how a really developer feels 
when writing code to solve a real problem or build a project within a certain period of time.

4. What Python modules will your program use?

    (Some examples are: csv, datetime, functools, matplotlib, math,
    pandas, pytest, random, requests, and tkinter.)

    -datetime
    -pytest
    -random
    -csv (maybe)

5. Will you separate your Python program into functions that each
perform a single task?

    (Remember that the most reusable functions don't get user input and
    don't print results but instead have parameters and return a result.
    Functions that get user input and print results are important and do
    useful work but are not easily reusable.)

    (Remember also that it's hard to test functions that get user input
    and print results. It's easy to test functions that don't get user
    input and don't print results but instead have parameters and return
    a result. Therefore, you should write most of your program functions
    to have parameters and return a result.)

    Yes, definetely! I will write several functions each one performing only one task that together will make my Program does what it should.
    Some of these functions are:
    -main
    -get_random_prompt
    -append_text
    -write_text
    (I might change the functions name later)

6. Will you write test functions to test at least two of your program
functions?

Yes, I will test at least the functions:
-That write to a txt file, 
-Generate a random prompt
-Read pasts's journal entries

